HTCONDOR-2783 Document our hacky file transfer on rm options (#3036)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/faq/users/transfer-files-on-rm.rst

Example: Transfer a job's output sandbox on removal
===================================================

When a user :tool:`condor_rm`'s a job, HTCondor assumes the job is
not needed anymore, and removes the scratch directory, and never
transfers any files from the sandbox back to the AP, or wherever
they would be transferred to upon completion.

There is a submit file command to disable this, so that any
intermediate files that exist in the sandbox will be transferred,
in the same way that they would have been if user had run

> :tool:`condor_vacate_job`. This command is named *SpoolOnEvict*.

Reviewer: We state that this is a submit command, but it is actually a ClassAd attribute.

> There is a job classd attribute to disable this, so that any
> intermediate files that exist in the sandbox will be transferred,
> in the same way that they would have been if user had run
> :tool:`condor_vacate_job`. This attribute is named *MY.SpoolOnEvict*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a job ClassAd attribute to disable this, so that any
intermediate files that exist in the sandbox will be transferred,
in the same way that they would have been if user had run
:tool:`condor_vacate_job`. This attribute is :ad-attr:`My.SpoolOnEvict`.
```
